I am back let's get this show on the
road a good song so as we bought the
patient I he finds my son sway shil
everything straight now no absolutely
not I'm still screwed absolutely screwed
but at least now I'm in the right frame
of mind what the fuck are we gonna do
any minute now
some mafia bullet is going to splatter
my brains all over the wall my wall my
beautiful oh you missed a bit I love
that forget about it
oh that's a great idea Tony but you know
what it ain't gonna work
okay not this time no way no look man
relax get a grip
yeah you're right I need to get a grip
take control yes grab the bull by the
horns show everybody who's boss
I'm the boss I am the boss right Dean
all right let's tear this that's how
I'll sing so we'll be going details
details
let's just get that right come on that
chromosome area okay boss man weird
- we're gonna pay this in doc goes to
visit see how Johnny is win them over
with some mm-hmm tine words during his
convalescence well yeah sure I can take
you buddy
okay great what's going on do you forget
something
no look you go knee and I'm awake uh
look you gotta come with me this once
if I pull this off I can carry out I
know I can look please you got to come
with me I I'm gonna squirt my ass all
over the floor just this once please
please okay okay she just can't look
good
listen everything gonna be okay just
remember you the boss I'm the boss I'm
the boss I'm the boss I'm the boss
I am the boss hey boys tell your boss
that Ken Rosenberg is here to see him
Ken whoo Ken Rosenberg Ken Rosenberg the
guy that runs this town so uh how's
Johnny he's doing much better huh yeah
you need something this morning oh oh
fuck it yeah and comas today
yeah you do pretty good and you I still
got a little bit of the night terrors
touch it diarrhea but I'll get through
it Oh diarrhea oh yeah who's this
how you doing Johnny it's fucking him
it's him damn that nigga fucked up
well done CJ chef he gotta get the fuck
out of here
you need some meals get me back to
Caligula's you calm down and follow my
lead
holy fuck man we work well as a team
together huh CJ you
me carry this town up nobody nobody in
the world
Johnnie's have done deep it so is his
gang don't fuckin right they are dumb
fuck you just got a hang in there play a
tone I'll figure out a way to get you
out of this just drive me at the airport
and they got a DQ D I think the Sun
get in there and be cool
like you've just been out for a relaxing
Drive or something come yeah
come come real fucking calm I've come
mr. Connors to come that's me mr. come